{"changed":true,"filter":false,"title":"README.md","tooltip":"/README.md","value":"User-Centric Frontend Development project - Code Institute – By Thomas Christian Butcher\n\nThe overview of the project \"Full Stack Web Developer\" is to create a website focused on demonstrating my skills as a Full Stack Web Developer. It aims to show to prospective employers the courses that I have undertaken, those that I am yet to complete. It shows my skills as a developer which include a carousel and some information about myself with finally a contact form if you wish to contact me. \n\nThis is the link for the site: https://stormtrooper88.github.io/Milestoneproject---User-centric-project/\n\nUX\n\nUse this section to provide insight into your UX process, focusing on who this website is for, what it is that they want to achieve and how your project is the best way to help them achieve these things.\n\nIn particular, as part of this section we recommend that you provide a list of User Stories, with the following general structure:\n\nAs a user type, I want to perform an action, so that I can achieve a goal.\nThis section is also where you would share links to any wireframes, mockups, diagrams etc. that you created as part of the design process. These files should themselves either be included in the project itself (in an separate directory), or just hosted elsewhere online and can be in any format that is viewable inside the browser.\n\nLink to my balsamiq work: https://github.com/stormtrooper88/Milestoneproject---User-centric-project/blob/master/asset/Balsamiq/FSWD%20mock%20up.bmpr\n\n\nMy goal in the design of this site was to make it user-friendly to future employers whilst informing them about myself, what I have accomplished so far and show casing some of the skills I have learnt to date. \n\n The welcome caption including a short paragraph about myself with a \"contact me\" link that allows the user to go directly to the contact form should they wish to contact me. \n \n The navbar atr the top of the site allows the user to go straight to a certain part of the site rather than scrolling down.The UX for this that the user may want to nagivate to a specific section. \n \n Scrolling down the user will encounter an \"about me\" section which gives more details about my working life before coding and gestures to the user to keep scrolling down to find out what skills I have completed.\n \n Before viewing the skills I wanted to show the user at least one of my skills. I had tried to set up a video but after trying to get it to work with the help of Code Institute and my mentor, I decided to include a carousel instead. This demonstrates a skill I learnt on my own with some help from Code Institute and my mentor. \n \n After this the user will reach the \"my skills\" section where I have created a list of subjects I am undertaking at Code Institute, under each subject is a line which aims to show the user how far along I am with that particular subject.\n \nBelow this the user will find a contact me form where they can contact me with their name, email and message. \n\nAt the footer I have a link to my LinkedIn and GitHub accounts so that they can see my working experiences and my work so far since starting the course.\n\nThe greyscale colour scheme was chosen as it went well with my picture and created a silk look to the work. \n\nYou can find in my github repository my mock ups in the asset section under balsamiq.\n\nTechnologies\n1.\tHTML\n2.\tCSS\n3.\tBootstrap Version 4.3.1\n4.\thttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=05ZHUuQVvJM\n5.\tJquery\n\nFeatures\nThis site uses the sticky navbar feature from bootstrap which does two things: firstly the nav-bar will follow the user down the page and secondly if you click on a certain section in the menu bar then you will directly be sent to the section you have clicked.\n\nI found this tool from the git repository in hschafer2017 (https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/StudentExampleProjectGradeFive) \n\nFeatures Left to Implement\n\nI would like to have different languages in the menu bar as I speak French and Danish. \n\nI would like to fix the white space found between the intro message and the about me section. \n\nTechnologies Used\n\nIn this section, you should mention all of the languages, frameworks, libraries, and any other tools that you have used to construct this project. For each, provide its name, a link to its official site and a short sentence of why it was used.\n1.\tBootstrap Version 4.3.1 https://getbootstrap.com/\n2.\tJquery This was needed to make the carousel work\n3.\tHTML5 and CSS3 beginner tutorial 18 – background images{Part 2} https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=xNg2rh_h5v8\n4.\tHow to add text over image - HTML and CSS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=edCuCED3Zmo\n5.\tThe pictures used in the carousel are from the following links: https://archsmarter.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Learn-to-code1.jpg / https://i2.wp.com/s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/sup46/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/01124431/code-institute-header-2-e1549023510442.png\n\nTesting\n\n\nI have tested the links at the top of the page to ensure that they direct the user to that specific location of the site that they wish to visit. \n\nI have tested the \"contact me\" button link to ensure that it takes the user to the contact form at the bottom of the page. \n\nI have gone to the carousel to test whether each picture is visible. I encountered a problem here as the pictures where all different sizes. This was fixed by creating a class and modifying it in CSS so the height matched each picture. \n\nI have gone to the \"contact me\" page and tried to submit without completing the name section. Upon clicking the send message button, a yellow mark pops up and states that the user must fill out the name section before being able to send the message. \nI have then filled in the name and left out the email. Upon clicking the send message button, a yellow mark pops up and states that the user must fill out the name section before being able to send the message. I have also tested inputting a random set of letters into the email section and then receive a notice stating that the @ is missing from the email section. I have tried simply entering the @ however I am told I must enter a part after the @. \nOnce I have filled in both the name and email section of the form, I am told that my message won't send until a message has been written. \nWith all the information filled in, the page reloads and the contact me form is blank again. \n\n\n\nI am currently having trouble with my video being loaded onto the page. This was meant as a video to welcome the user message and so should be seen regularly. – This has since been resolved but now the video isn’t playing. I have spoken to my mentor and though we tried to fix the issue with embedding the link in google documents it was not fixed and so I have decided to create a carousel with a fade. This however is not showing up on the site right now which was fixed by adding images to the carousel.  \n\nI have had problems moving my nav bar to the middle which through watching videos on how to edit this I was able to change it. \n\nI cannot seem to place my links at the bottom and middle of the page. - I was able not able to fix this as of yet. \n\nThe links I have in my footer are not linking with their respective sites. This was fixed after my mentor noticed that my links did not have https in them at the start of the link. \n\nI have had issues with the \"about me\" section and positioning it correctly. I have since placed it just above the carousel so that it can be clearly read and seen by the user. \n\nDeployment\n\nThis is the link for the site: https://stormtrooper88.github.io/Milestoneproject---User-centric-project/\n\nI created the GitHub Pages site following the instructions laid out on the GitHub site. \n\nI did this by entering my GitHub repository and entering the settings section. From here I went down to GitHub Pages section and choose the theme \"minimal\". From here I then directed to the settings page of my repository and in the Github Pages section I found the link provided at the start of this README.nd\n\nIf you wish to run the code locally then you can clone my git repository and run it on AWS cloud 9. \n\nCredits\n\nContent\n\nAll content is written by me and the background picture was taken by me. The other pictures are from the following links:  https://archsmarter.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Learn-to-code1.jpg / https://i2.wp.com/s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/sup46/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/01124431/code-institute-header-2-e1549023510442.png\n\nMedia\n\nThe photo used in this website is from my own pictures. The video was found on the following site: https://www.videvo.net/video/typing-in-the-dark-03/4478/ - This has since been removed.\nThe pictures used in the carousel are from the following links: https://archsmarter.com/wp-content/uploads/2014/03/Learn-to-code1.jpg / https://i2.wp.com/s3-eu-west-1.amazonaws.com/sup46/wp-content/uploads/2019/02/01124431/code-institute-header-2-e1549023510442.png\n\nAcknowledgements\n\nI would like to acknowledge the code institute, my mentor Dick and \nhschafer2017 (https://github.com/Code-Institute-Solutions/StudentExampleProjectGradeFive). They have all helped, guided and finally inspired me to create this website. \n\n\n","undoManager":{"mark":63,"position":100,"stack":[[{"start":{"row":81,"column":496},"end":{"row":81,"column":497},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1614}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":496},"end":{"row":81,"column":497},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1615},{"start":{"row":81,"column":495},"end":{"row":81,"column":496},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":494},"end":{"row":81,"column":495},"action":"remove","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":493},"end":{"row":81,"column":494},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":492},"end":{"row":81,"column":493},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":491},"end":{"row":81,"column":492},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":490},"end":{"row":81,"column":491},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":490},"end":{"row":81,"column":491},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":1616},{"start":{"row":81,"column":491},"end":{"row":81,"column":492},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":492},"end":{"row":81,"column":493},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1617},{"start":{"row":81,"column":493},"end":{"row":81,"column":494},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":494},"end":{"row":81,"column":495},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":495},"end":{"row":81,"column":496},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":496},"end":{"row":81,"column":497},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1618},{"start":{"row":81,"column":497},"end":{"row":81,"column":498},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":498},"end":{"row":81,"column":499},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":499},"end":{"row":81,"column":500},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":500},"end":{"row":81,"column":501},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":501},"end":{"row":81,"column":502},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":502},"end":{"row":81,"column":503},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":503},"end":{"row":81,"column":504},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":504},"end":{"row":81,"column":505},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":81,"column":505},"end":{"row":81,"column":506},"action":"insert","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":81,"column":506},"end":{"row":81,"column":507},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1619}],[{"start":{"row":83,"column":127},"end":{"row":83,"column":140},"action":"remove","lines":["(insert link)"],"id":1620}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":31},"end":{"row":84,"column":32},"action":"remove","lines":["r"],"id":1621},{"start":{"row":84,"column":30},"end":{"row":84,"column":31},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":29},"end":{"row":84,"column":30},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":28},"end":{"row":84,"column":29},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":27},"end":{"row":84,"column":28},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":26},"end":{"row":84,"column":27},"action":"remove","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":25},"end":{"row":84,"column":26},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":24},"end":{"row":84,"column":25},"action":"remove","lines":["y"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":23},"end":{"row":84,"column":24},"action":"remove","lines":["m"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":23},"end":{"row":84,"column":24},"action":"insert","lines":["m"],"id":1622},{"start":{"row":84,"column":24},"end":{"row":84,"column":25},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":25},"end":{"row":84,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1623},{"start":{"row":84,"column":26},"end":{"row":84,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":27},"end":{"row":84,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":28},"end":{"row":84,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":28},"end":{"row":84,"column":29},"action":"remove","lines":["n"],"id":1624},{"start":{"row":84,"column":27},"end":{"row":84,"column":28},"action":"remove","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":26},"end":{"row":84,"column":27},"action":"remove","lines":["k"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":26},"end":{"row":84,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["l"],"id":1625},{"start":{"row":84,"column":27},"end":{"row":84,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":28},"end":{"row":84,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":29},"end":{"row":84,"column":30},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":30},"end":{"row":84,"column":31},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":74},"end":{"row":84,"column":171},"action":"remove","lines":["have since been able to fix this issue and now have the footer at the middle bottom of the page. "],"id":1626},{"start":{"row":84,"column":74},"end":{"row":84,"column":75},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":75},"end":{"row":84,"column":76},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":76},"end":{"row":84,"column":77},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":77},"end":{"row":84,"column":78},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1627},{"start":{"row":84,"column":78},"end":{"row":84,"column":79},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":79},"end":{"row":84,"column":80},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":80},"end":{"row":84,"column":81},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":81},"end":{"row":84,"column":82},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":82},"end":{"row":84,"column":83},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1628},{"start":{"row":84,"column":83},"end":{"row":84,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":84},"end":{"row":84,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":85},"end":{"row":84,"column":86},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1629},{"start":{"row":84,"column":86},"end":{"row":84,"column":87},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":87},"end":{"row":84,"column":88},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":88},"end":{"row":84,"column":89},"action":"insert","lines":["x"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":89},"end":{"row":84,"column":90},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1630},{"start":{"row":84,"column":90},"end":{"row":84,"column":91},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":91},"end":{"row":84,"column":92},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":92},"end":{"row":84,"column":93},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":93},"end":{"row":84,"column":94},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":94},"end":{"row":84,"column":95},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1631}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":94},"end":{"row":84,"column":95},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1632},{"start":{"row":84,"column":93},"end":{"row":84,"column":94},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":92},"end":{"row":84,"column":93},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":91},"end":{"row":84,"column":92},"action":"remove","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":90},"end":{"row":84,"column":91},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":89},"end":{"row":84,"column":90},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":88},"end":{"row":84,"column":89},"action":"remove","lines":["x"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":87},"end":{"row":84,"column":88},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":86},"end":{"row":84,"column":87},"action":"remove","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":85},"end":{"row":84,"column":86},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":84},"end":{"row":84,"column":85},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":83},"end":{"row":84,"column":84},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":83},"end":{"row":84,"column":84},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":1633},{"start":{"row":84,"column":84},"end":{"row":84,"column":85},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":85},"end":{"row":84,"column":86},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":86},"end":{"row":84,"column":87},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1634},{"start":{"row":84,"column":87},"end":{"row":84,"column":88},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":88},"end":{"row":84,"column":89},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":89},"end":{"row":84,"column":90},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":90},"end":{"row":84,"column":91},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":91},"end":{"row":84,"column":92},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1635},{"start":{"row":84,"column":92},"end":{"row":84,"column":93},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":93},"end":{"row":84,"column":94},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":94},"end":{"row":84,"column":95},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1636},{"start":{"row":84,"column":95},"end":{"row":84,"column":96},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":96},"end":{"row":84,"column":97},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":97},"end":{"row":84,"column":98},"action":"insert","lines":["x"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":98},"end":{"row":84,"column":99},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1637},{"start":{"row":84,"column":99},"end":{"row":84,"column":100},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":100},"end":{"row":84,"column":101},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":101},"end":{"row":84,"column":102},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":102},"end":{"row":84,"column":103},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":103},"end":{"row":84,"column":104},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1638}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":103},"end":{"row":84,"column":104},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1639}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":103},"end":{"row":84,"column":104},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1640},{"start":{"row":84,"column":104},"end":{"row":84,"column":105},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":105},"end":{"row":84,"column":106},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":106},"end":{"row":84,"column":107},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1641},{"start":{"row":84,"column":107},"end":{"row":84,"column":108},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":108},"end":{"row":84,"column":109},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":109},"end":{"row":84,"column":110},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1642},{"start":{"row":84,"column":110},"end":{"row":84,"column":111},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":111},"end":{"row":84,"column":112},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":112},"end":{"row":84,"column":113},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":84,"column":113},"end":{"row":84,"column":114},"action":"insert","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":114},"end":{"row":84,"column":115},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1643}],[{"start":{"row":84,"column":0},"end":{"row":85,"column":0},"action":"insert","lines":["",""],"id":1644}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":95},"end":{"row":87,"column":96},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1645},{"start":{"row":87,"column":96},"end":{"row":87,"column":97},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":97},"end":{"row":87,"column":98},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":98},"end":{"row":87,"column":99},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1646},{"start":{"row":87,"column":99},"end":{"row":87,"column":100},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":100},"end":{"row":87,"column":101},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":101},"end":{"row":87,"column":102},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":102},"end":{"row":87,"column":103},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":103},"end":{"row":87,"column":104},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":104},"end":{"row":87,"column":105},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":113},"end":{"row":87,"column":114},"action":"remove","lines":["g"],"id":1647},{"start":{"row":87,"column":112},"end":{"row":87,"column":113},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":111},"end":{"row":87,"column":112},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":111},"end":{"row":87,"column":112},"action":"insert","lines":["e"],"id":1648},{"start":{"row":87,"column":112},"end":{"row":87,"column":113},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":154},"end":{"row":87,"column":155},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1649},{"start":{"row":87,"column":155},"end":{"row":87,"column":156},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":156},"end":{"row":87,"column":157},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":157},"end":{"row":87,"column":158},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1650},{"start":{"row":87,"column":158},"end":{"row":87,"column":159},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":159},"end":{"row":87,"column":160},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":160},"end":{"row":87,"column":161},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":161},"end":{"row":87,"column":162},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1651},{"start":{"row":87,"column":162},"end":{"row":87,"column":163},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":163},"end":{"row":87,"column":164},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":164},"end":{"row":87,"column":165},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":164},"end":{"row":87,"column":165},"action":"remove","lines":["t"],"id":1652},{"start":{"row":87,"column":163},"end":{"row":87,"column":164},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":163},"end":{"row":87,"column":164},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":1653},{"start":{"row":87,"column":164},"end":{"row":87,"column":165},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":165},"end":{"row":87,"column":166},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":166},"end":{"row":87,"column":167},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":167},"end":{"row":87,"column":168},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1654},{"start":{"row":87,"column":168},"end":{"row":87,"column":169},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":169},"end":{"row":87,"column":170},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":170},"end":{"row":87,"column":171},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1655},{"start":{"row":87,"column":171},"end":{"row":87,"column":172},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":172},"end":{"row":87,"column":173},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":173},"end":{"row":87,"column":174},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":87,"column":174},"end":{"row":87,"column":175},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1656},{"start":{"row":87,"column":175},"end":{"row":87,"column":176},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":176},"end":{"row":87,"column":177},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":177},"end":{"row":87,"column":178},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":87,"column":178},"end":{"row":87,"column":179},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":287},"end":{"row":97,"column":288},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1657},{"start":{"row":97,"column":286},"end":{"row":97,"column":287},"action":"remove","lines":["."]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":285},"end":{"row":97,"column":286},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":284},"end":{"row":97,"column":285},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":283},"end":{"row":97,"column":284},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":282},"end":{"row":97,"column":283},"action":"remove","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":281},"end":{"row":97,"column":282},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":280},"end":{"row":97,"column":281},"action":"remove","lines":["y"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":279},"end":{"row":97,"column":280},"action":"remove","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":278},"end":{"row":97,"column":279},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":277},"end":{"row":97,"column":278},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":276},"end":{"row":97,"column":277},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":275},"end":{"row":97,"column":276},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":274},"end":{"row":97,"column":275},"action":"remove","lines":["k"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":273},"end":{"row":97,"column":274},"action":"remove","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":272},"end":{"row":97,"column":273},"action":"remove","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":271},"end":{"row":97,"column":272},"action":"remove","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":270},"end":{"row":97,"column":271},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":269},"end":{"row":97,"column":270},"action":"remove","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":268},"end":{"row":97,"column":269},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":267},"end":{"row":97,"column":268},"action":"remove","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":266},"end":{"row":97,"column":267},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":265},"end":{"row":97,"column":266},"action":"remove","lines":["b"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":264},"end":{"row":97,"column":265},"action":"remove","lines":[" "],"id":1658},{"start":{"row":97,"column":263},"end":{"row":97,"column":264},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":262},"end":{"row":97,"column":263},"action":"remove","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":261},"end":{"row":97,"column":262},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":261},"end":{"row":97,"column":262},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":1659},{"start":{"row":97,"column":262},"end":{"row":97,"column":263},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":263},"end":{"row":97,"column":264},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":263},"end":{"row":97,"column":264},"action":"remove","lines":["e"],"id":1660},{"start":{"row":97,"column":262},"end":{"row":97,"column":263},"action":"remove","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":261},"end":{"row":97,"column":262},"action":"remove","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":261},"end":{"row":97,"column":262},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":1661},{"start":{"row":97,"column":262},"end":{"row":97,"column":263},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":263},"end":{"row":97,"column":264},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":264},"end":{"row":97,"column":265},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1662},{"start":{"row":97,"column":265},"end":{"row":97,"column":266},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":266},"end":{"row":97,"column":267},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":267},"end":{"row":97,"column":268},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":268},"end":{"row":97,"column":269},"action":"insert","lines":["k"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":269},"end":{"row":97,"column":270},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1663},{"start":{"row":97,"column":270},"end":{"row":97,"column":271},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":271},"end":{"row":97,"column":272},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":272},"end":{"row":97,"column":273},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":273},"end":{"row":97,"column":274},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":274},"end":{"row":97,"column":275},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":275},"end":{"row":97,"column":276},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":276},"end":{"row":97,"column":277},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":277},"end":{"row":97,"column":278},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":278},"end":{"row":97,"column":279},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1664},{"start":{"row":97,"column":279},"end":{"row":97,"column":280},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":280},"end":{"row":97,"column":281},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":281},"end":{"row":97,"column":282},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1665},{"start":{"row":97,"column":282},"end":{"row":97,"column":283},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":283},"end":{"row":97,"column":284},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":284},"end":{"row":97,"column":285},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":285},"end":{"row":97,"column":286},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1666},{"start":{"row":97,"column":286},"end":{"row":97,"column":287},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":287},"end":{"row":97,"column":288},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":288},"end":{"row":97,"column":289},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":288},"end":{"row":97,"column":289},"action":"remove","lines":["t"],"id":1667},{"start":{"row":97,"column":287},"end":{"row":97,"column":288},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":287},"end":{"row":97,"column":288},"action":"insert","lines":["t"],"id":1668},{"start":{"row":97,"column":288},"end":{"row":97,"column":289},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":289},"end":{"row":97,"column":290},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":290},"end":{"row":97,"column":291},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":291},"end":{"row":97,"column":292},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1669},{"start":{"row":97,"column":292},"end":{"row":97,"column":293},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":293},"end":{"row":97,"column":294},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":294},"end":{"row":97,"column":295},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1670},{"start":{"row":97,"column":295},"end":{"row":97,"column":296},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":296},"end":{"row":97,"column":297},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":297},"end":{"row":97,"column":298},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":298},"end":{"row":97,"column":299},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":299},"end":{"row":97,"column":300},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1671},{"start":{"row":97,"column":300},"end":{"row":97,"column":301},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":301},"end":{"row":97,"column":302},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":302},"end":{"row":97,"column":303},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":303},"end":{"row":97,"column":304},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":304},"end":{"row":97,"column":305},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":304},"end":{"row":97,"column":305},"action":"remove","lines":["m"],"id":1672},{"start":{"row":97,"column":303},"end":{"row":97,"column":304},"action":"remove","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":302},"end":{"row":97,"column":303},"action":"remove","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":301},"end":{"row":97,"column":302},"action":"remove","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":300},"end":{"row":97,"column":301},"action":"remove","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":300},"end":{"row":97,"column":301},"action":"insert","lines":["R"],"id":1673},{"start":{"row":97,"column":301},"end":{"row":97,"column":302},"action":"insert","lines":["E"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":302},"end":{"row":97,"column":303},"action":"insert","lines":["A"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":303},"end":{"row":97,"column":304},"action":"insert","lines":["D"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":304},"end":{"row":97,"column":305},"action":"insert","lines":["M"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":305},"end":{"row":97,"column":306},"action":"insert","lines":["N"]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":305},"end":{"row":97,"column":306},"action":"remove","lines":["N"],"id":1674}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":305},"end":{"row":97,"column":306},"action":"insert","lines":["E"],"id":1675},{"start":{"row":97,"column":306},"end":{"row":97,"column":307},"action":"insert","lines":[","]}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":306},"end":{"row":97,"column":307},"action":"remove","lines":[","],"id":1676}],[{"start":{"row":97,"column":306},"end":{"row":97,"column":307},"action":"insert","lines":["."],"id":1677},{"start":{"row":97,"column":307},"end":{"row":97,"column":308},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":97,"column":308},"end":{"row":97,"column":309},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":105,"column":25},"end":{"row":105,"column":26},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1678},{"start":{"row":105,"column":26},"end":{"row":105,"column":27},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":105,"column":27},"end":{"row":105,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":105,"column":26},"end":{"row":105,"column":28},"action":"remove","lines":["me"],"id":1679},{"start":{"row":105,"column":26},"end":{"row":105,"column":28},"action":"insert","lines":["me"]}],[{"start":{"row":105,"column":28},"end":{"row":105,"column":29},"action":"insert","lines":["a"],"id":1680}],[{"start":{"row":105,"column":28},"end":{"row":105,"column":29},"action":"remove","lines":["a"],"id":1681}],[{"start":{"row":114,"column":46},"end":{"row":114,"column":59},"action":"remove","lines":[" mini-project"],"id":1682}],[{"start":{"row":114,"column":46},"end":{"row":114,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":["m"],"id":1683}],[{"start":{"row":114,"column":47},"end":{"row":114,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1684},{"start":{"row":114,"column":48},"end":{"row":114,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]}],[{"start":{"row":114,"column":48},"end":{"row":114,"column":49},"action":"remove","lines":["m"],"id":1685},{"start":{"row":114,"column":47},"end":{"row":114,"column":48},"action":"remove","lines":[" "]},{"start":{"row":114,"column":46},"end":{"row":114,"column":47},"action":"remove","lines":["m"]}],[{"start":{"row":114,"column":46},"end":{"row":114,"column":47},"action":"insert","lines":[","],"id":1686}],[{"start":{"row":114,"column":47},"end":{"row":114,"column":48},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1687},{"start":{"row":114,"column":48},"end":{"row":114,"column":49},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":114,"column":49},"end":{"row":114,"column":50},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":114,"column":50},"end":{"row":114,"column":51},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1688},{"start":{"row":114,"column":51},"end":{"row":114,"column":52},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":114,"column":52},"end":{"row":114,"column":53},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":114,"column":53},"end":{"row":114,"column":54},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":114,"column":54},"end":{"row":114,"column":55},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":114,"column":55},"end":{"row":114,"column":56},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":114,"column":56},"end":{"row":114,"column":57},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]}],[{"start":{"row":114,"column":57},"end":{"row":114,"column":58},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1689},{"start":{"row":114,"column":58},"end":{"row":114,"column":59},"action":"insert","lines":["D"]},{"start":{"row":114,"column":59},"end":{"row":114,"column":60},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":114,"column":60},"end":{"row":114,"column":61},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":114,"column":61},"end":{"row":114,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":114,"column":61},"end":{"row":114,"column":62},"action":"remove","lines":["l"],"id":1690}],[{"start":{"row":114,"column":61},"end":{"row":114,"column":62},"action":"insert","lines":["k"],"id":1691}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":89},"end":{"row":115,"column":90},"action":"insert","lines":["."],"id":1692}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":90},"end":{"row":115,"column":91},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1693},{"start":{"row":115,"column":91},"end":{"row":115,"column":92},"action":"insert","lines":["T"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":92},"end":{"row":115,"column":93},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":93},"end":{"row":115,"column":94},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":94},"end":{"row":115,"column":95},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":95},"end":{"row":115,"column":96},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1694},{"start":{"row":115,"column":96},"end":{"row":115,"column":97},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":97},"end":{"row":115,"column":98},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":98},"end":{"row":115,"column":99},"action":"insert","lines":["v"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":99},"end":{"row":115,"column":100},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":100},"end":{"row":115,"column":101},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1695},{"start":{"row":115,"column":101},"end":{"row":115,"column":102},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":102},"end":{"row":115,"column":103},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":103},"end":{"row":115,"column":104},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":104},"end":{"row":115,"column":105},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1696}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":105},"end":{"row":115,"column":106},"action":"insert","lines":["h"],"id":1697},{"start":{"row":115,"column":106},"end":{"row":115,"column":107},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":107},"end":{"row":115,"column":108},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":108},"end":{"row":115,"column":109},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":109},"end":{"row":115,"column":110},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":110},"end":{"row":115,"column":111},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":110},"end":{"row":115,"column":111},"action":"remove","lines":["e"],"id":1698},{"start":{"row":115,"column":109},"end":{"row":115,"column":110},"action":"remove","lines":["p"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":109},"end":{"row":115,"column":110},"action":"insert","lines":["p"],"id":1699}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":109},"end":{"row":115,"column":110},"action":"remove","lines":["p"],"id":1700},{"start":{"row":115,"column":108},"end":{"row":115,"column":109},"action":"remove","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":108},"end":{"row":115,"column":109},"action":"insert","lines":["p"],"id":1701},{"start":{"row":115,"column":109},"end":{"row":115,"column":110},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":110},"end":{"row":115,"column":111},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":111},"end":{"row":115,"column":112},"action":"insert","lines":[","]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":112},"end":{"row":115,"column":113},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1702},{"start":{"row":115,"column":113},"end":{"row":115,"column":114},"action":"insert","lines":["g"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":114},"end":{"row":115,"column":115},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":115},"end":{"row":115,"column":116},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":116},"end":{"row":115,"column":117},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":117},"end":{"row":115,"column":118},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":118},"end":{"row":115,"column":119},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":119},"end":{"row":115,"column":120},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1703},{"start":{"row":115,"column":120},"end":{"row":115,"column":121},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":121},"end":{"row":115,"column":122},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":122},"end":{"row":115,"column":123},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":123},"end":{"row":115,"column":124},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1704},{"start":{"row":115,"column":124},"end":{"row":115,"column":125},"action":"insert","lines":["f"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":125},"end":{"row":115,"column":126},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":126},"end":{"row":115,"column":127},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":127},"end":{"row":115,"column":128},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":128},"end":{"row":115,"column":129},"action":"insert","lines":["l"],"id":1705},{"start":{"row":115,"column":129},"end":{"row":115,"column":130},"action":"insert","lines":["l"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":130},"end":{"row":115,"column":131},"action":"insert","lines":["y"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":131},"end":{"row":115,"column":132},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1706},{"start":{"row":115,"column":132},"end":{"row":115,"column":133},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":133},"end":{"row":115,"column":134},"action":"insert","lines":["u"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":134},"end":{"row":115,"column":135},"action":"insert","lines":["n"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":134},"end":{"row":115,"column":135},"action":"remove","lines":["n"],"id":1707},{"start":{"row":115,"column":133},"end":{"row":115,"column":134},"action":"remove","lines":["u"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":133},"end":{"row":115,"column":134},"action":"insert","lines":["n"],"id":1708},{"start":{"row":115,"column":134},"end":{"row":115,"column":135},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":135},"end":{"row":115,"column":136},"action":"insert","lines":["p"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":136},"end":{"row":115,"column":137},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":137},"end":{"row":115,"column":138},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":138},"end":{"row":115,"column":139},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":139},"end":{"row":115,"column":140},"action":"insert","lines":["d"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":140},"end":{"row":115,"column":141},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1709},{"start":{"row":115,"column":141},"end":{"row":115,"column":142},"action":"insert","lines":["m"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":142},"end":{"row":115,"column":143},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":143},"end":{"row":115,"column":144},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1710},{"start":{"row":115,"column":144},"end":{"row":115,"column":145},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":145},"end":{"row":115,"column":146},"action":"insert","lines":["o"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":146},"end":{"row":115,"column":147},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1711},{"start":{"row":115,"column":147},"end":{"row":115,"column":148},"action":"insert","lines":["c"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":148},"end":{"row":115,"column":149},"action":"insert","lines":["r"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":149},"end":{"row":115,"column":150},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":150},"end":{"row":115,"column":151},"action":"insert","lines":["a"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":151},"end":{"row":115,"column":152},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":152},"end":{"row":115,"column":153},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":153},"end":{"row":115,"column":154},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1712},{"start":{"row":115,"column":154},"end":{"row":115,"column":155},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":155},"end":{"row":115,"column":156},"action":"insert","lines":["h"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":156},"end":{"row":115,"column":157},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":157},"end":{"row":115,"column":158},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":158},"end":{"row":115,"column":159},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1713},{"start":{"row":115,"column":159},"end":{"row":115,"column":160},"action":"insert","lines":["w"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":160},"end":{"row":115,"column":161},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":161},"end":{"row":115,"column":162},"action":"insert","lines":["b"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":162},"end":{"row":115,"column":163},"action":"insert","lines":["s"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":163},"end":{"row":115,"column":164},"action":"insert","lines":["i"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":164},"end":{"row":115,"column":165},"action":"insert","lines":["t"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":165},"end":{"row":115,"column":166},"action":"insert","lines":["e"]},{"start":{"row":115,"column":166},"end":{"row":115,"column":167},"action":"insert","lines":["."]}],[{"start":{"row":115,"column":167},"end":{"row":115,"column":168},"action":"insert","lines":[" "],"id":1714}]]},"ace":{"folds":[],"scrolltop":1080,"scrollleft":35,"selection":{"start":{"row":115,"column":168},"end":{"row":115,"column":168},"isBackwards":false},"options":{"guessTabSize":true,"useWrapMode":false,"wrapToView":true},"firstLineState":{"row":76,"state":"start","mode":"ace/mode/markdown"}},"timestamp":1563970927889}